VWRs edits (#1193)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/vwrs/01-how-vwrs-works.md

    - If no waiting room, the EdgeWorker sends the traffic request directly to the origin service.
    - If there is a waiting room, the EdgeWorker sends to the waiting room.

3. The waiting room service adds the request to the waiting room associated with the domain.
4. When a user accesses the waiting room page, the page polls the virtual waiting room service for the latest waiting time and waiting room depth and displays it.
6. As the waiting time nears zero, or the user is at the front of the queue, the waiting room page forwards the user to the origin service.
7. After releasing the request, the waiting room service removes a request from the queue.
8. If a duplicate request is detected, then the waiting room service checks to see if the user has an active session.
    - If yes, then the waiting room service returns the user's position in the queue. 
    - If no, then the waiting room service creates a new session and adds the request to the appropriate queue.
    

:::note

- The waiting room service periodically checks the sessions to remove requests for expired sessions from the queues.
- The waiting room service collects the metrics for each waiting room.

> - The administrator can turn customer domains on or off through Configuration APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The administrator can turn customer waiting rooms on or off through Configuration APIs.
```

---
sidebar_position: 5
title: How VWRs Works
---

Macrometa PhotonIQ Virtual Waiting Rooms (VWRs) are an advanced prioritization service that manages the flow of visitors entering a site, especially during periods of high demand. It serves as a protective layer for your origin server, effectively managing high traffic volumes to prevent server overload.

## Solution Overview

![VWR Solution Architecture](../../../static/img/photoniq/vwr/vwr-solution-architecture.png)

The waiting room solution includes these essential aspects:

- **Origin Service**: The website for which you want to set up a virtual waiting room.

> - **Origin Metrics Service**: Allows you to retrieve information about a specific domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Origin Metrics Service**: Allows you to retrieve information about a specific waiting room.
```

- **Waiting Room Page**: The endpoint (URL) with the waiting room attached.

## The VWR Workflow

> During moments of peak traffic, VWRs makes a new page separate from your origin to organize visitors. The VWRs workflow ensures that users are directed to the appropriate origin service while ensuring fairness in the queue and providing metrics and alerts to the administrator.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand "makes a new page".  What do you mean?

> 1. The Akamai EdgeWorkers check the virtual room service to confirm if a waiting room is set up for an origin service

Reviewer 2: There is only one EdgeWorker.  So is "EdgeWorkers" still correct?  Below it is singular.

"check the virtual room service"... Do you "check the virtual room service" or "check with the virtual room service"?

Did you mean to call it "virtual room service" and not "virtual waiting room service"?

    - If no waiting room, the EdgeWorker sends the traffic request directly to the origin service.
    - If there is a waiting room, the EdgeWorker sends to the waiting room.

> 3. The waiting room service adds the request to the waiting room associated with the domain.

Reviewer 2: I am confused about "domain".  Is this the old nomenclature "domain" or is this a different domain?

Reviewer: I think it's okay for this to stay as-is.

4. When a user accesses the waiting room page, the page polls the virtual waiting room service for the latest waiting time and waiting room depth and displays it.

> 6. When the waiting time is near zero, or the user is at the front of the queue, the waiting room page forwards the user to the origin service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. As the waiting time nears zero, or the user is at the front of the queue, the waiting room page forwards the user to the origin service.
```

Just so we don't have two "When" one after the other.

Also, #5 is missing.

7. After releasing the request, the waiting room service removes a request from the queue.
8. If a duplicate request is detected, then the waiting room service checks to see if the user has an active session.
    - If yes, then the waiting room service returns the user's position in the queue. 
    - If no, then the waiting room service creates a new session and adds the request to the appropriate queue.
    

:::notes

- The waiting room service periodically checks the sessions to remove requests for expired sessions from the queues.

> - The waiting room service periodically checks the sessions to remove requests for expired sessions from the queues.

Reviewer 2: This is the same as the sentence above it.

> - The waiting room service collects the metrics for each domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The waiting room service collects the metrics for each waiting room.
```

Remember, we changed the word "domain" to "waiting room".

Reviewer 2: Check throughout the document.  There should not be a reference to "domain".
